advection

  solve the linear advection equation using upwind and FTCS and
  some 2nd order methods (L-W, L-F, ...) on a finite-volume grid.
  This is the routine that was used to make the plots in the 
  advection lecture -- even though that lecture focused on finite-
  difference methods.


advection-fd

  solve the advection equation on a finite-difference mesh -- this
  was done just to give the students an example program that does
  ftcs on a finite-difference mesh.


advection-secondorder

  solve the linear advection equation on a finite-volume mesh using
  modern slope-limiting methods.


burger-hmwk

  solve Burger's equation in a conserved and non-conservative differencing
  on a finite-difference mesh.  This is the solution to the homework.


burgers

  conservative and non-conservative first-order differencing of Burger's 
  equation on a finite-volume mesh.  This was the first attempt at coding
  this up, before switching over to a finite-diffrence mesh for their
  homework.


burgers-secondorder

  solve Burger's equation using 2nd order slope limiting methods.


derivative

  compute the error in different difference approximations to first
  derivatives


epsilon

  compute machine epsilon


exponental_roundoff

   show how important a role roundoff error plays in computing the
   exponentation of a large negative number.  This was used in the 
   numerics lecture.


general-fv

   a general, clean implementation of second-order slope limiting
   finite-volume methods for the advection equation.  


godunov

   solve the Euler equations using Godunov's method and a 2-shock
   Riemann solver.


godunov-c

   solve the Euler equations using Godunov's method and a 2-shock
   Riemann solver.  Here, the Riemann solver is written in C.


lane_emden

   integrate the Lane-Emden equations.  This is done as a homework
   assignment.  These codes are used to demonstrate the convergence
   rate of the different methods.


lw-burger

   solve Burger's equation using the Lax-Wendroff method on a finite
   difference grid.


multigrid

   a multigrid V-cycle example.


orbit

   compute the orbit of the Earth around the Sun.  This shows that low
   order methods do a poor job.  This code was used in the numerical
   integration lecture.


ppm_plot

   some first hacks at plotting what goes on in PPM -- never used.


relaxation

   pure relaxation applied to an elliptic problem.  This was used in 
   the first of the multigrid lectures.


riemann_exact

   The exact Riemann solver from Toro.


riemann_plot

   Given a Riemann problem, plot the shock and rarefaction
   curves passing through the left and right states.  This is a 
   graphical way of solving the Riemann problem.


solar_wind

   some hacks at solving the equations describing the solar wind.


summation

  an attempt at demonstrating roundoff error through summation.
